Okta SSO SCIM updates (#1170)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/user-guides/administrators-guide/okta-sso/manual-setup.mdx

Before setting up the SCIM provisioning, make sure you first generate a <Link to="/dashboard-guides/personal-access-token/">personal access token</Link> with <Link to="/dashboard-guides/user-management/#admin">Admin</Link> role. Otherwise, your SCIM provisioning tasks will fail.
</div>

1. Log in to Okta as an administrator.
2. In the sidebar, go to **Applications** > **Applications** and select your SSO app.
3. Go to the **General** tab, click **Edit** and check the **Enable SCIM provisioning** option, as shown: 

<img src="../../../assets/user-guides/scim-1.png" alt="Enable SCIM provisioning" />

4. A new tab called **Provisioning** will now be visible in the app settings. Go to **Integration**, click **Edit** and enter the following details:

| Setting | Value |
| :------| :-------|
| SCIM connector base URL | `https://api.rudderstack.com/scim/v2` |
| Unique identifier field for users | `userName` |
| Supported provisioning actions | Check the following settings: <br /><br /><ul><li>Push New Users</li><li>Push Profile Updates</li></ul> |
| Authentication Mode | `HTTP Header` |

<img src="../../../assets/user-guides/scim-2.png" alt="SCIM provisioning settings" />

> 5. Under **HTTP Header**, paste your personal access token that you generated in the <Link to="#requirements">Requirements</Link> section above.

Reviewer: The requirements link does not work here. May be we can link to PAT guide.

> 5. Under **HTTP Header**, paste your personal access token that you generated in the <Link to="#requirements">Requirements</Link> section above.

Author: ```suggestion
5. Under **HTTP Header**, paste your <Link to="/dashboard-guides/personal-access-token/">personal access token</Link> with <Link to="/dashboard-guides/user-management/#admin">Admin</Link> role.
```
